

Sample 1

Respected Client,
I just saw your post that you want to remove background from this image.
Well I’ve interested on your project and I can do this work this for you with all the requirements you have ask for. 
I’m a professional logo designer with more than 7 years experience in this world of graphic design.
I will work on your project in a very low cost, something like ( $5 )and you will get some amazing experience in my service. 
You will be amaze by my quality of work, that’s promise!
What more you will get from me?
✓ Many years experience in Photoshop
✓ I will give you Unlimited Revisions
✓ I will work for you until you satisfy 100% (No extra charge)
✓ Quick delivery
✓ Free source file
✓ After service support
✓ Friendly communication
✓ Affordable price
And many more!
Let me know if I can help you out in this. Looking forward to assist you with my service. 
If you have any confusion or doubt or anything, please ask me. I will respond you ASAP!
Regards,




Sample 2

Hello,
I’d like to work with you on your project in low cost.
Also, I’ll give you 100% accuracy of data.
Feel Free To Contact Me
Regards
shakiliitju




Sample 3

Greetings!
I'm happy to be in contact with you.Good News! 
I'm ready to deploy a surefire, professional and well-written articles based on your theme.
Please, check out my gig and it features.If you have additional questions regarding our services,
feel free to contact us! Also, ordering this gig you will get these benefit ( mention your benefit) 
if you were waiting for the perfect time to seize this opportunity, the time is now.
Time to get busy! Let's Get Started!




Sample 4

Hi there,
I read your requirement carefully and I am able to do this project successfully. 
I can do more then your requirement, if you need extra care of yourself then please give me a touch, 
I will 24 hours online for your help. Please give me a chance Sir. 
A ensure you I will 100% Satisfied you. 
Looking forward to hear from you.
Thank you.




Sample 5

Hello there,
I will love to have the opportunity to fulfill your Job.
My Goal is to earn your satisfaction and I believe that I can do it in a best way than others.
I am professional logo designer and professionally trained by the very best fiverr super seller trainer.
So,I can do it Professionally. Please place your order.
I guaranteed you will be Glad to see my amazing work.
Now I am waiting look for your response. 
Thanks 



Sample 6

Hi there,
I would love to have the opportunity to help you achieve your goals.
My greatest intention is to earn a 5-star review from you and I believe I can do the job well and in the best way possible.
I am a professional website designer and developer. With over 5 years of experience,
I am very proficient at designing beautiful and simple websites from scratch.
I’m looking forward to working with you on this project. 
 Thank you.


